Hello SteamIT. 

	I am a curious of everything. I define myself through learning. This is what lead me to physics first, then to geology, then to electrical engineering and computer science, then AI and deep learning, then blockchain, and so on. In short, I am a polymath.

	I believe that the knowledge we collect as individuals is organized within an inner network. Once this network is vast enough, true connective creativity can take place. This is why I keep learning about stuff, every day. Maybe some of this knowledge will someday translate into a great idea. But in the meantime, I focus on sharing it with my peers, of any age, of any origin. Let me walk you through my life as a learner, so you get to know me.

The origin, Physics : I own a bachelor in engineering physics for École Polytechnique de Montréal. I keep reading about recent advances in astrophysics and particle physics. We live in a very exiting era. We are so close to answering foundamental questions about our origins, it gives goosebumps. I also revisit the work of the founders of this discipline from time to time. Physics thought me to question everything and to think from first principles. These thought processes are especially usefull to switch disciplines, which is what I am doing right now.

The digression: Geophysics: I have a Masters degree in Geophysics from Université Laval. Studying geology is understanding the landscapes around us and travelling through time with mental models. Geophysics is seeing through the landscape, to refine even further these mental models. It was an amazing experience to be welcomed in Northern Quebec to help model this rapidly changing territory. The North had a profound impact on me.

The “new deal ”: Computer Science: I had to come down some day from the academic world to the “industrial” world. It was a though time. I worked as an engineer in geophysic services applied to civil engineering. After 1 year, I realize this was not a place for me: I was not learning as much as I needed. So I dropped everything and started self learing about computer science and electrical engineering in general. I am now learning about electronics, Python, machine learning, deep learning, reinforcement learning, parallel computing, quantum computing, and so on. I have a lot to say about AI, the alchemy of information, which in my opinion is beautiful but does not have to do with intelligence. I came quite close to start a PhD on self driving off road vehicules, but something stopped me.

What I do for living: teaching kids to code: But learning all day about code and algorithms does not bring anything to the table. So I started to work as an instructor for an organization called Kids Code Jeunesse . KCJ specializes in teaching kids coding and computational thinking. This is what I do for a living right now and it brings me so much more than bread and butter. In contact with kids, I start to understand the processes of thought and the unfolding of intelligence. Having the opportunity to teach things I love to children is both challenging and rewarding.

The next big thing: Cryptoeconomics: I then got in contact with cryptoeconomics, this “thing” everybody calls The Blockchain. I have been interested for a while in social sciences, especially economics. But my recent encounter with cryptoeconomics, where social sciences meet natural sciences, was revealing. I really see in The Blockchain an opportunity for society to transform, to evolve into something new. The Blockchain has true revolutionary power. But for this power to translate into real change, people need to have a deep understanding of the implication of technology. They need to be responsale for their digital persons. They must care. Because it is not about technology, it is about trust and responsability. So as a communicator and a scientist, I feel responsible for bringing this knowledge to people so they can leverage it to transform their society, e.i. revolutionize it.
